Modify documentation (#399)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/doc-style/formatting-tools.rst

\`\`pyproject.toml\`\` file`, avoiding dotfiles and thus leading to a much
cleaner root project directory.

> Blacken-Docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blacken-docs
```
It's odd to have a heading start with a lower case, but this is the case used in their product documentation. You likely wil have to add ``blacken-docs`` to Vale's accept list.

------------

> When writing documentation, it is frequent to include code-blocks which are used
> as examples. However, these code snippets style cannot be verified with the usual code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing documentation, code blocks are frequently used to provide examples.
However, these code snippets cannot be verified with the usual code
```

   blacken-docs -l <line-length> doc/**/*.rst

> Codespell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
codespell
```
Another product that uses lowercase for the proper name.

---------

> `Codespell`_ checks for common misspellings in text files. This implies that it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`codespell`_ checks for common misspellings in text files. This implies that it
```

   codespell --write-changes --ignore-words=<FILE>

> Docformatter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docformatter
```
Any yet another one!

------------

`Docformatter`_ automatically formats Python docstrings according

> to `PEP 257`_. To make sure `Docformatter`_ wraps your docstrings at a given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `PEP 257`_. To make sure `docformatter`_ wraps your docstrings at a given
```

number of characters, use the following configuration:

.. code:: bash

   docformatter -r -i --wrap-summaries <length> --wrap-descriptions <length> src

> Doctest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
doctest
```

-------

> `Doctest`_ is a module from the Python standard library, which means it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`doctest`_ is a module from the Python standard library, which means it is
```

   [tool.pytest.ini_options]
   addopts = "--doctest-modules"

> Interrogate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interrogate
```
Obviously lowercase is a naming trend for these packages!

-----------

> `Interrogate`_ is a tool for checking docstring coverage. Similar to source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`interrogate`_ is a tool for checking docstring coverage. Similar to source code
```

> Pydocstyle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pydocstyle
```

----------

> `Pydocstyle`_ is a tool for checking the compliance of Python docstrings with `PEP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pydocstyle`_ is a tool for checking the compliance of Python docstrings with `PEP
```
